I want my visual argument to be centered on a call to action. My goal is to draw people’s attention to how the United States as a first world country is majorly lacking in a specific area: maternal care. Two main image icons I’ve included are the silhouette of a pregnant mother and the grim reaper. I think the interaction between these images show both positive and negative space as well as dominance. Moreover, both are black images against a white background which makes them noticeably standout. Additionally, the pregnant woman is larger in size; therefore, your eyes are more drawn to her initially, then you see the grim reaper lurking in the background. I think this positioning and sizing has the ability to generate interest and possibly even a line of questioning, “Why this grim reaper following a pregnant woman? What is happening in this argument?” Which will hopefully lead to, “I want to know more.” They I utilized several stylization techniques in for the text included. The statement, “Our nation’s mothers deserve better” is in green, bolded, capitalized and is larger in size. This is due to the fact that the statement is supposed to capture people’s attention. It is meant to be the first thing that grabs the audiences’ focus. Then the audience's eyes are supposed to move down and see other key words that are highlighted bolded and in a different color. The words “death” and “mortality” are red and are meant to be associated and with negative connotation. Then the following words and phrases, “4 way, help, push, implement, educate and push” are meant to be associated with positive connotations. It’s supposed to have more of a “here’s what you can do to help kind of feeling”.  The way the argument is set up at the moment isn’t initially how I anticipated it would be but I don’t think it looks too bad. There are definitely some elements that I can improve, and I think by playing around more in GIMP I’ll be able to make them. 
